hi people, this is proto on
found today for a clash with
who you know you are quiet and it's okay
quiet a record we will try to
real criticized do so thank you it's not
helpful to us at the club his customers from the
bank in view on youtube so we do not
do not know if it's not excluded but we
you propose it anyway
simply duplicate the cars in
line
we knew the version in history
and there we found it is the online me
I just said it's loop
found so built explains so has everything
First you need the clashes
in team with three skulls and
two bones so an import where I believe that
that's when you're level 1 and a
little everywhere in the map
So you go to any of
we did not take there so it takes a
car also that not tagged or in
truck or a motorcycle so it does not matter to you
get into your car that is not
tag
go out you go into the clash at
team
so it takes a minimum buddy in the
server with us and 2 minimum and
maximum must not exceed 4 because
that otherwise it does not happen so you do
host once in the clash
the team is hosting in a time of
loading then done confirmed
settings without caring self
and play so here I invite photo chip
it invited me all your friends but for
chipper live people and finally your
size the water has gushed here is a
prediction that it's going to the lodgings or not
it depends on the connection of
armchairs so here once he's
present end which marked 13 years made of
play and they will put some
masters that there are not enough players
so done ok there your dough is leaving so
I can leave his gesture was you
also you leave you have to have
leave you look a little in the
surroundings so he has 60 on either at this
point
on one side for example on the sidewalk
or be spawn this so here's a fact
do not jump far and far as you have to
beginning of the video I pass it and show
in the summer pt is here and everything is nickel
so rubbed you're going to do the manip as
that I get myself back as money from
his side m while it's possible with
all games projected with little facts
whose clash goes into the bus I'm
in i go out no do you do in jal
and a point of confrontation at his expense
so I hosted you parents who does
that you go to your phone the
activities and you stay here that's it
I was charged by m home auto is
played so that's the process of invitations
I do not know what I do not know what you
make
xr so join again x we wait
loading that will put you in the
server the clash I do not know what
so here it's ugly there you see joined
move there play there are messages of
alert
so I'm ok there he can leave go there
we beach clip I leave in my turn and
the drdr buskas fashion here on the street on
Russia 3 6 me be here so bah
Here I hope it will have pleased you
this is the case do not hesitate to like a
commented on subscribing and sharing the
video and thanks to driving each
siamu claude and we tell you to the
next for a new video
go ciao all my people hi for